what the heck is a revenue operating
system it's just sort of a term I made
up to conceptualize this system a
revenue operating system is the
interface between me as the user the
revenue leader or you as the founder and
the resources and people around you to
get those resources to do what you want
that to do which is grow Revenue
predictably in a cost- effective manner
over time and so this is the system by
which you can engage with your
organization so you can think of it and
an analogy I'll come back to this is
like your Iron Man suit these are the
tools that you put around you to give
you superpowers to turn you from a
normal mere human into a revenue
generating
machine and the components that I'm
going to talk about today there's four
big ones measuring managing planning and
communicating please welcome Kyle Norton
cro owner.com what's up
everybody nice to meet you my name is
Kyle Norton I'm the cro at owner.com and
today we're going to talk about
operating a revenue team with excellence
and so just before I dive in uh I'd love
it if we could all give a big hand to
the folks at saster organizers
volunteers staff has been awesome couple
days all right so we're going to talk
about operating today uh a little bit
about owner we are uh vertical SAS some
software company we you can think of us
like HubSpot plus Shopify for Mom and
popop restaurants so the little pizza
place that you order from on Friday
nights and we do everything that they
need to succeed online um I've been in
sales leadership sales and revenue
leadership for about 15 years uh the
last 10 in software uh this is my second
head of sales head of Revenue gig uh at
owner and previous to this I ran a
quarter billion dollar business unit at
shop of fire across sales post sales
Partnerships a whole bunch of stuff so
uh that's where I'm coming from over the
next 40 minutes I'm going to give you my
operating system this is how I operate
my teams day-to-day week to week and the
intention is that you can build more
predictability in how you grow Revenue
which we all want a
lot so terms of an agenda we're going to
talk about what defining what an
operating system is what is a revenue
operating
system we'll talk about why you need one
in my opinions we'll get into some key
principles of how you can build this for
your organization and then I'm going to
break it down the core components of
this Revenue operating system some tools
and things you can start to implement
right away in your business and some
keys to making it all work like where do
I get started so the first big question
like what the heck is a revenue
operating system it's just sort of a
term I made up to conceptualize this
system and this group knows well what a
computer operating system is it's it's
the interface between a user you and the
software and hardware and your computer
to make it do the stuff you want it to
do and much like that a revenue
operating system is the interface
between me as the user the revenue
leader or you as the founder and the
resources and people around you to get
those resources to do what you want that
to do which is grow Revenue predictably
in a cost-effective manner over time and
so this is the system by which you can
engage with your
organization so you can think of it and
an analogy I'll come back to this is
like your Iron Man suit these are the
tools that you put around you to give
you superpowers to turn you from a
normal mere human into a revenue
generating
machine and the components that I'm
going to talk about today there's four
big ones measuring managing planning and
communicating these are the four main
pillars of your Revenue operating system
and when this is done right it is going
to accelerate your ability to to grow
very rapidly and we'll talk about how
these things are structured and
interrelated so keep these four pillars
in mind as we go through it so just a
quick bit of framing first like where
does this fit into my company building
stack so if you think about what are we
trying to do as Leaders both Founders
Executives and and revenue leaders uh
you're trying to translate your company
Mission into something tangible and so
this is how I think about company
building so you have your mission you
have your company values you translate
those into uh a company vision and
specific team visions that you can act
upon that becomes more tactical with a
specific strategy by Department the
principles by which you operate uh and
then your organizational Design This is
who is in what seats what is the shape
of your org what resources do you need
and then finally this is where your
operating system how do you get those
resources to do the things that you want
it to do in a in a predictable Manner
and then finally under your operating
system you're going to build the tools
and play and guides and training that
your team needs and so this is the layer
of the stack that I'm going to spend
time on today this this operating system
which is arguably one of the most
critical things uh you need to be able
to to win in your
market so why do we need this thing
because I know what a lot of you guys
are thinking doesn't sound very exciting
this sounds pretty bland Kyle you sound
like the business school douchebag that
Paul Graham told me to be wary of and
this doesn't sound like founder mode
o
cont this Revenue operating system is
designed to help you turn the complete
chaos which building a startup is into
something that is much more orderly and
so it's it's useful to frame like what
does it feel like when we don't have a
system to do these things when we've
hired a bunch of reps and we're scaling
and and there's some productive things
happening but you don't have a a very
good system in place I I call it being
in the Vortex things are just happening
around you you're constantly getting
surprised by things it feels like a new
fire crops up every single day every
single week because there's no control
happening around you you you don't have
a way to systematically move your
organization forward and we we say that
being in the vortex you're just being
spun around in circles and I'm sure
everybody in this room uh has been there
at one point in their career and this
Revenue operating system is meant to
bring some order to that chaos we'll
never get rid of that chaos that's I
think why we do what we do but this is
about bringing some order and one of the
key components here is about being able
to see things before it's too late and
to give you a couple tangible examples
this is about seeing win rates slipping
in a team or a segment or a channel and
not seeing that fast enough and all a
sudden six weeks has gone by and your
inbound win rates have slipped 9% and
you're about to miss your number well
you didn't have a system or a rhythm in
place to catch that times or you don't
have enough headcount in place to hit
your next quarter and you go oh my
growth model tells me I need 12 ramped
reps I have six and I can't hire in ramp
and get people to productivity in time
to meet the model you're in the vortex
that's that's you being in the
vortex and so this this system is in is
designed to help you control some of
that so let's talk about some key
principles the these are important
framing Concepts as you build the
components measuring managing planning
communicating so it's about using the
minimum effective dosage about measuring
the stuff you want to manage and
matching the system to the state of your
business the maturity the market all of
that so let's get into uh the key
principle number one so minimum
effective dosage this is one of the most
critical things because it's really
really easy to over engineer this stuff
you're going to hear my talk I'm going
to give you all my templates and assets
and it's going to be really exciting and
you're going to cram a bunch of it into
your org and it's not going to help and
it's going to make a bunch of work it's
really easy to over engineer this stuff
and then end up spending more time
talking about the business than actually
building the business this is what we
want to avoid because every single
Rhythm that you introduce every update
every team meeting every Project Connect
has a cost it has a Time cost and more
importantly it is a cognitive load cost
it's difficult to balance all of these
things while we're also trying to build
a business business so use the the least
number of things I give you today to
move the business forward in a tangible
manner minimum effective dosage and also
build things that are legitimately
helpful for your team because one of the
things you're going to you're you're
going to take away from this is these
tools are really helpful for me as a
leader that's exciting that's great I
understand the business but we also need
to make sure that the tools we're
building are not an encumbrance on our
teams our individual contributors our
managers and so so we want to try to
build and design these rhythms in a way
that is also helpful for the individual
contributor and helpful for the people
on the ground not just helpful for us so
minimum effective
dosage the next key principle here is we
need to measure what we actually want
managed we want to measure the things
that we're trying to move and so we of
course we want to know the output
metrics what is the Topline Revenue
growth what's the close one number that
that's important but you can't manage
that I can't manage day-to-day deals
closing I can only manage the inputs of
of my team and that's where I want to
spend time so what do I need to know
today that is going to tell me I'm going
to have a problem tomorrow and what are
the specific behaviors that I need to
shape in order to translate my strategy
and plans into real outcomes so Focus
your measurement on behaviors inputs as
well as your your output metrics and
then offer that visibility to your team
and I'm going to talk about the
difference between dashboards and
scoreboards so we'll come back to that
the last thing here is don't measure way
too many things we want to measure the
stuff that's most critical to manage
most critical to move so measure those
things and just be diligent again every
Rhythm has a cost so be be diligent
about what we're trying to measure and
manage to because again cognitive load
people can only remember and and do so
much with so many things all right our
third key principle here match the state
of your the the operating system to the
state of your business we're SMB we have
a a 4day sales cycle highly
transactional we sell the Mom and Pops
what I've designed for our business may
not ma may not match if you're trying to
sell to the biggest companies in the
world and you've got a 12 to 18 month
sales cycle we are a series B business
my team's about 100 people that may be
way smaller than your team or way bigger
than your team and so you're going to
have to adapt what here today and I'm
going to talk about the what we built
first and and try to give you some
starting points but take what I share
and make it work for the maturity and
and stage of your business there's no
there's no Silver Bullet here the other
thing that's important to understand
here is not only will your system evolve
but how you were involved with that
system will change over time as the
founder as the revenue leader uh as the
founder you're your sales rep number one
your sales manager number one your VP
sales number one and then eventually you
hire somebody for that and then the vpa
sales is now filling in as the manager
and so the rhythms that they operate by
will be very Frontline facing rhythms
and then eventually as you grow your
team and and you have more more second
line leadership in place um you can get
involved in different levels of
abstraction of those rhythms so the
system will change and how you engage in
that system will change over time so
these are the three key build principles
minimum effective dosage matching the
state of your business and measuring
what you want manag these are these are
your important swing thoughts okay let's
get into what the heck this thing
actually is so the core components
measuring managing planning
communicating so the first pillar here
is your measurement R Rhythm and so
we'll go back to our uh Iron Man analogy
this is your heads up display this is
how you understand what's happening in
your business at any given time at the
snap of your fingers this should be
quite easy you shouldn't need bis obser
data to requests to understand what's
happening this is a set of rules and
rhythms and tools that you put around
you to understand what's happening and
so it's it's the tools and it's the
Cadence when am I when am I reviewing
this information and what am I doing
with it and this is how I know what next
I need to go manage what I need to shape
in terms of of the business and so here
are some critical tools these are the
the basics that you can go get started
with so number one is control Towers so
there's a lading of control control
Towers this is the top one is your
executive control tower Revenue growth
Runway all of your CS metrics the these
are the highest level metrics that you
need to understand as leaders in your
business and then you've got functional
dashboards functional control towers for
your sales function for your launch
function for Cs and then management
manager dashboards so each manager can
understand their specific uh part of
that
puzzle the other side of that coin of
dashboards is scoreboards so this is
what faces the rep and what faces the
rep is telling them are they doing well
or are they not doing well why are why
aren't they are they on track to get to
the outcomes that they want and then the
business needs and so just as much as we
have control towers for us as Leaders to
understand the business we need to equip
uh our individual contributors our
Frontline teams with a similar level of
understanding but framed a little bit
differently stack ranks and and pacing
all that stuff's in here
the next important measurement tool is a
rhythm to review these metrics and do
something about it so we run a monthly
business review you can run a quarterly
version of it depends on the scale and
and segmentation but your monthly
business review is a place to stop and
take stock where everybody stops what
they're doing and for one day you spend
half a day or some set of hours in
inspecting all these metrics soup to USS
and and again I'll give you my templates
that I use for our you can use that for
something else you can start small but
you need a rhythm so you've got the
tools and now you need some sort of
cadence to ensure that you're all
sitting down and reviewing those things
and adapting what's next which is your
plans your planning
color and the last really important
measurement tool is Target setting like
unless you have half decent targets you
don't really know where you're going you
don't know uh if you're on track to meet
your growth objectives unless you have a
a relatively rigorous Target setting
process doesn't have to be perfect at at
at the beginning but you need a process
by which you're scaling up your quotas
you're rolling it up you understand if
you got the pipeline to to HIIT so that
it tells you if you are on or are off
track so these are the four critical
tools that you can go build um and again
at the beginning keep it simple all
right the next pillar here now that we
can measure and understand the business
now we can manage it and I say this is
like the Tony Stark's Arc Reactor this
is his power Source your ability to
manage is your ability to make things
happen on the day-to-day basis so this
this is the the heartbeat and the energy
of of your uh entire team and so it's
the rhythms and tools you use to manage
dayto day and we'll talk about some
specifics here it could be written
updates it could be team meetings and
this is how you translate plans into
action so I write a plan at the
beginning of the month and then I check
in on some sort of a Cadence to make
sure that those things are happening and
having tools there is really critical so
some of the
tools we're remote and so we're quite
asynchronous uh in our communication
style I believe even for an in-person
experience people should be a lot more
asynchronous in their communication than
they are I believe heavily in being able
to write and document to drive rigor in
your organization and so some of these
are are written rhythms and some of
these are uh actual meetings and so the
the big one which I'll get into in the
next slide is our weekly Maple this is
the written update that everybody that
manages people or or has some uh
strategic scope writes on a weekly basis
to explain to the person up and beside
them what's happening in their business
what were their key metrics what did
they advance that week what are you
planning to do next week your learnings
and any emergencies that needed to be
flagged and I'll show you the template
on the next slide then we need a
coaching Rhythm separate from
one-on-ones with some structure I could
do a whole other 40-minute talk on that
but there needs to be some sort of a
coaching Rhythm that you establish so
that your managers are are doing that
with your team and then finally you need
a meeting Rhythm so we can't be
completely written so where do I use
that very valuable synchronous time
together this is your one-on-one and
team meetings and and we air to the side
of much fewer meetings than uh most
organizations uh and I'll and I'll talk
about why um so this is our weekly Maple
template and um I'm going to share all
of these assets
with you guys after um so you can use
this and right away in your business but
um this is a screenshot from our notion
and you'll notice that I explain
exactly what we do on a weekly basis and
why we do it then I explain the
structure that's that's the guide on the
leth hand side of the screen and then on
the right hand side of the screen that's
the actual doc the document template so
every week every leader you click add
new notes and then you're going to fill
in your section so the metrics that
you're accountable for could be the
forecast it could be the Run rate
whatever metrics that individual needs
to
own what did they work on that week and
what did they move forward again because
part of it is being me me being able to
manage that and make sure it's happening
part of it is for that information to
flow broadly across the organization and
that's why we do it in writing it's why
we do it in not we don't do it in one-on
ones or in team meetings is that it's
not captured it's it's hard to
disseminate this will this will make
information flow uh more smoothly in the
organization and emergencies it's not
really emergencies it's just like
important stuff that you want to make
sure it's flagged but Maple needed an e
so emergencies it is that's that Maple
structure so out of the maple structure
we can now get into our one-on-one in
team meeting structure so as a leader I
review that Maple Sunday nights at 8
that's what I expect it to be due for my
teams and now based on what I see in
Maple we can populate our we'll start
with one-on-one we can populate our
one-on-one agenda and so I
the the my direct reports top three
priorities at the top of this meeting
docket so it's it's in front of us every
single time we meet we're we're being
we're looking at the top things we're
working on we can discuss them if need
be and then the next section there is
the notes that we take on a weekly basis
so I start every one-on-one meeting
asking people scale 1 to 10 how you
doing why and it seems sort of
superficial but it's it's a great way to
start a meeting you learn a lot I
borrowed this from an awesome operator
who I worked with named lyette pastoris
and I I experimented with it and I love
it so that's how I kick off my
one-on-one meetings then I populate and
the rep populates or my
direct their discussion topics like what
did I see in their Maple that I want to
talk about what do they need to talk to
me about and again we use this
synchronous time for discussion problem
solving brainstorming we don't use
synchronous time for updates don't don't
show up and like tell me what's
happening I will already know what's
happening because you will have written
it and I will have read it but what do
we need to problem solve together cuz
that's expensive time especially in team
meetings and then action items from the
week before and moving forward so then
in team meetings similar structure what
are our top priorities so I like to have
we call them K's metrics like what are
the five most important things that
we're trying to move in our business
today so it's sgr to opportunity
conversion rates or it's the the lead
quality score like what are the things
that you're trying to actively move and
I want to see those every single week
and get an update I also want to
understand what's happening with
critical projects a lot of this can be
copy paste from a maple update but that
this is the things that we're pushing to
the rslt that are most critical for
people to have Vis visual
of people can put fyis that we don't
talk about that again you want to make
sure doesn't get missed uh in a maple
update because not everybody's going to
read every single line so you're pushing
the most important things and then again
discussion topics what do we need to
spend our synchronous time problem
solving uh and then action items so you
can use these two templates and and and
you drive now that predictability of of
everybody knowing uh how the
organization is going to run all right
so that's my management Rhythm how I
manage my team and them getting their
jobs done next is our planning Rhythm
and so we can have concepts of a plan in
our head and ideas of where things are
going to go but until you write that
down you're just juggling things and
this is I I think where people often go
wrong as just a lack of documentation
and unless you can write well this is an
Oscar wild quote unless you can write
well you can't really think well and so
this planning process is you getting
ideas out of your head putting in on
page and so for that page to now serve
as your co-pilot it serves as the
co-pilot to guide others for you to have
as a reminder that's why we call it
Jarvis in Iron Man terms and so it's how
I pause evaluate the business take stock
and figure out what I need to do for the
next period so for us it's
monthly sometimes it can be quarterly
with a monthly check-in depending on
again business maturity but this is my
planning
Rhythm and so the critical tools here it
has to start with a growth plan this is
your spreadsheet this is the spreadsheet
of how you're going to go from X doll an
AR to yll in AR in the next 6 12 months
and how things ladder up and your key
inputs like what are the things that
need to be true month over month to get
you to your number uh could be rep
growth lead grow growth new channel
activation the throughput of your uh
onboarding team but you got to have a
spreadsheet that tells you gives you a
map from a to be so that you can start
to track to it and then that is
connected to your target setting Rhythm
that I talked about previously next we
have to have a planning Cadence and I'll
show you mine uh next again it's a tool
and it's a rhythm and then a project
Cadence how do we pick the right
projects that we want to work on how do
we check in on them how do they how do
we make sure that those things are
moving
this can go into overload really easily
so minimum effective dosage here is is
my reminder but the lightest weight
version that you can make sure that
things are moving in your organization
and then finally you need a
prioritization framework what projects
are you working on how do we make these
decisions any Duke has a great version
of this you know what are your
potentials what are the things you're
choosing from what are the what are the
payoffs from those particular potentials
what's the effort the perspiration
needed those and what's and what's the
probability of those options working out
that's that's the framework we use you
can use your own but having some way for
these decisions to get made is is
important and then writing it down and
just living by it again it's it's all
about speed this this whole Revenue
operating system should make your
organization move faster and more
efficiently so one of the key tools
under planning is this we do it monthly
I write a monthly game plan which now
the functional leaders largely write and
so this is where I take stock of
everything that happened in the previous
month so what were the outcomes how did
we do I'll give shout outs to the Reps
because this is a this is uh a document
that everybody in the organization get
gets access to what were the Strategic
priorities that we said were critical
for us to accomplish in this period did
we accomplish that we'll grade ourselves
abcdf how how did we do and why and then
I talked about what's happening in the
next month what are the key things that
we need to do as a business in the next
period to move forward s and then
important FYI and if you can get into a
solid Rhythm here your team will
understand where you're going and why
and things will move faster this is a
great Rhythm and it's it's most helpful
for me or the person writing it the
leader writing it to just get get things
on a piece of paper and to go okay I
could do that I have the resources it's
manageable let's go attack that plan so
that's my planning Rhythm so last is
communicating so I call it the the your
Iron Man thrusters CU unless you can
communicate properly and drive Behavior
change you're not going to go anywhere
so this is what this is what gives you
velocity and there's two components
there's communicating and educating on
context and then there's deploying
change how do we make change in our
business and there's a few key
components having a knowledge Hub is a
great starf the knowledge Hub is your
notion or your Wiki where like as much
information as possible can live where
somebody can find all of the things that
they need to understand so my monthly
reviews are there our Rules of
Engagement are there but some central
place where information can live and
that seems obvious but what you see
often times is information is split
across notion and Google Drive and slack
and in emails and and that ends up being
uh very very slow so a central knowledge
of where you can put everything
standards and templates for how you
share
information um and then some specific
templates which I'll show you next so
again there's educating on context and
then there's deploying change so on
educating on context there's three
principles here Clarity context
consistency so I default to transparency
I want to tell my team my leaders my
individual contributors as much as
possible about the business so that they
can be high context uh individuals to
make good decisions when things are
ambiguous to uh feel like they are
connected to the mission connected to
the vision they know what's going on
people hate feeling out of control it it
it causes so much stress when people
don't feel like they know where they're
going and so communicating as much
context as possible is really critical
starting with why is really important
there um and I try to treat my team like
adults like I'm not going to sugarcoat
things if things are not good I'm going
to tell them they're not good and why
and so sharing that context consistently
is really critical and and the why
behind it so that they can move forward
consistency is the next is the next
thing there's a saying in rock climbing
you always want three points of contact
you want three things attached to the
wall at any given time there's a good
communication principle here I want to
try to communicate things in three
different ways and be consistent with it
people aren't going to remember things
the first time so if you want to educate
people and and make your team High
context contributors consistency is
important here and then the
components a consistent template and a
Cadence by which you're sharing this
information you got to have like an all
hands or some all team meeting where
where you can talk amas are a great tool
they're super easy again it's all about
context and again this monthly I'm my
monthly plan I write it in a format that
I can just share with everybody so this
serves as my planning Cadence and part
of my communication and education
Cadence again just default to open it's
it's a much easier way to operate okay
let's talk about deploying change so
your ability to win as a leader is your
ability to change the behavior of your
teams startups win win or lose on speed
can you change and adapt and iterate
faster than your competitors and keep
ahead of the market and the key to being
able to move fast to change behavior is
being able to deploy change really
really well and if you want to deploy
change really well you have to have a
some sort of a defined process and and
some consistency and
predictability and this is something
that we didn't really spend a ton of
time on until the last few months we
were not good at this as an as an
organization in my team and so we've
spent a bunch of Time refactoring how we
do this and now things are are way less
noisy moving way faster people are
picking up new things at a much more
rapid pace and so I I'll talk a little
bit about our frameware so this is on
the more robust side again my team's
like a 100 the company is about 200
people and so this would be a more
mature version so we have a St light
framework for change a green change
something simple it's a product update
it's something that you want people to
know about but doesn't need to be you
know overly heavy-handed in terms of how
you're rolling it out that could just be
a slack update and and capture it
somewhere in notion again easy peasy on
the other side a red light change is
something that's going to affect people
pretty deeply they need to make a big
Behavior change and it's significant to
the individual and that could be
something like changing a comp plan you
want to overhaul a comp plan red light
change so you need uh more than three
points of contact in in this uh St in
this scenario and so that would be you
know written like a thorough written
update a video explanation it could be a
training in your learning management
system that people need to
complete you want to be updating people
in team meetings and in one-on-one
scenarios we're really trying to to lean
into this change and make it very very
robust and so you need to have a
framework for for deploying these
different magnitudes of change do not do
do a red light change with a slack
update chaos chaos will will
emerge so this is an one of the assets
that you can use for deploying change
this is like a yellow and red type of
change and so this it's a change log so
we explain why we're making the change
we're making again context why that's
how you get people bought in what's
changing what do they need to know the
specific impact for the individual like
what do I need them to go do and then
some operational considerations like
what are the details that they need to
be aware of and again for red light
changes this will be a video then it'll
be a training and work ramp that they
have to deploy and get certified on uh
but even just having this this change
log that you fill out when you make like
a yellow or red change that could be a
good starting point for you okay so we
talked about measuring managing planning
communicating our four core components
so like where where do we go from now
like how how do I get started so here's
some keys to Victory so one Build It Up
over time go slow start with the basics
build standards document absolutely
everything as much as you can even
though it's boring and timec consuming
and then and only then use technology to
automate it so number one Tony Stark did
not have this fancy suit on the right
when he got started he had this crappy
one on the left so you don't need to go
uh with a massively robust program uh
Revenue operating system out of the gate
you can start just with some Basics just
let let the organization metabolize
those changes um because people can only
adapt to to so much change so we're
going to want to go slowly with this and
build it up over time it's not a Sprint
you can get here over the course of of
years
arguably next is we're going to go slow
but we want to start with the we want to
start with the right things so what do
we want to start with in my uh opinion
you got to start with your management
Rhythm you you can't really plan you
can't really manage unless you
understand the metrics of the business
so start with the basics there and it
could be a really simple dashboard with
six components whatever reports you find
yourself opening the most or the thing
that is open in a always open in a tab
just put that as a component in your
dashboard in your Salesforce dashboard
or whatever tool you use and you can
just throw a couple things in you got
your six most popular reports and that's
your dashboard to start great good
starting point and then as a new report
you find yourself opening on a frequent
basis is is a really valuable one pop it
into that dashboard but start with your
start with your measurement
Rhythm and get your Basics there and
establish the Rhythm by which you're
checking in on these things next is your
growth model you have to translate you
know we want to double in Revenue this
year okay well show me the math of how
to get there unless you have that math
uh it's going to be really hard to to
Pilot your organization there and it's
not the key mistake people here people
tend to make here is they assume that
it's the number of reps times the quota
I give them is the revenue that they
produce that's not really how Revenue
works it's the pipeline that you
generate the ability for you to to to uh
convert that pipeline into revenue and
then the number of reps is a function of
that equation but it's it's not it's not
linear Revenue comes out of generating
pipeline driving good conversion rates
and then Revenue comes and part of the
conversion rate is the right number of
reps the right people so just be careful
of that when you're building your growth
model and this is this is now my map
this is my
plan and then I think you should
establish team rituals just cuz it's
really easy and will it will get your
organization moving faster so get people
doing a written update every week you
could use maple or something else you
could strip it down but get information
flowing more broadly across the
organization have that delivered to you
on a weekly basis and then bring some
structure to your one-on ones so many
people run one-on-ones as like okay this
is your time you know I'm here to be a
resource to you I I think that's uh sort
of a delinquent version of running
one-on ones I prefer to give people a
structure to use and if you can bring
some structure those meetings will be
more productive they're valuable 30
minutes two people it could be an hour
with six people those are really
important uses of time so we want to
structure them and make sure that
they're they're really productive so
this these are the basics that I would
start with next is standardization my
whole presentation is about
standardizing things across the board so
I won't belabor this but this is going
to reduce the cognitive load and when I
talk about standardization ation I want
to use the same Concepts and Frameworks
across as much of the organization as
possible and so the maple update that my
team writes to me could be the same
update that they write on a key project
so if there's a critical project and you
need an update every week or every two
weeks just use maple again it reduces
the cognitive load it's a familiar thing
that they know how to how to use and I
encourage people to to book dedicated
time to build some of this stuff every
week just put 60 Minutes in your
calendar this is the time that you're
going to use to work on your system and
that you're going to spend 60 Minutes
you're only going to save a bit of time
the next week but now you're saving 30
minutes every week into perpetuity that
that's a good
investment and then finally try to get
people to all use the same tools and the
common mistake here I see is your team
your sales team works at a Salesforce
that's where they're putting all their
information their forecast is there and
then an executive says uh okay can you
take that forecast and like put it in an
ocean update every week resist that urge
where your team operates and where that
information lives encourage those people
to live in the same tools so that you're
not fracturing the way information flows
so so agree to a common set of tools if
you're in notion ask another team not to
be using Trello for the same information
or a Google Drive like try try to get
people to agree on common sets of things
across not just Revenue but the entire
organization document it all just spend
time every week writing things down give
people what good looks like so that they
can do this well it sounds really boring
but it's really really powerful and it
will it will accelerate the
organization lastly so once you have
established some of these rhythms
they're in place you're feeling good
about them people people understand how
they're working then you can talk then
you can automate it don't don't jump to
automation at the beginning because
you'll automate a bunch of stuff that
like doesn't work and and then you've
wasted all that time on the automation
get your rhythms in place in in a really
good spot and then find Opportunities to
automate and so uh there's a bunch of
tools to to use here uh we use a tool
called momentum the founders are here in
the audience um to push information to
me as a revenue leader that I want to
see so when something happens in
Salesforce you know a case has been in
back to sales for over a certain number
of days I want the the leader to be
alerted of that so that they can take
some action that would be an example of
a measurement Rhythm that then we
automate and push to the leader in slack
where they're going to be alerted so
that they can go take some action and so
you can automate a whole ton of stuff
reports push to you on a certain certain
timeline so that you have that
information get your rhythms in place uh
but then definitely try to automate it
and streamline then you'll really feel
like Tony Stark okay our keys to Victory
Build It Up over time start with the
basics and don't over-engineer it
standardize the formats and agree on
common tools as much as you can get good
at documentation spend the time
dedicated to to writing and then and
only then use technology to automate all
right our key takeaways final reminder
on on what we covered today your Revenue
operating system is here to bring order
to chaos to keep you out of the vortex
to to make things predictable and to
push your organization faster we want to
apply the minimum effective dosage just
do the the smallest amount to get you
the out outcome you want and there's
four pieces to this flywheel
we want to measure we want to manage we
want to plan and we want to communicate
start with the basics measurement Rhythm
growth model and your team rhythms and
finally just know like this is hard it's
not easy these things take time to build
up you're asking people to do new things
it is real work go into any deploying
any of this stuff knowing that it there
is going to be some challenge but it is
critical especially as you grow
especially if you want to get into that
hyper growth 2x year-over year above 10
million when there's a lot of things
happening uh at any given time uh having
the system for this is difficult but
Mission critical that's it for me thank
you everybody appreciate the time